README.md, before:

# Viniland Album Sales Service

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/tree/master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service?branch=master)


## Description

Album Sales Service, with the following features:

- Query endpoints to recover album catalog;
- Query endpoints to recover sales;
- Sales registration, including cashback computation based on configurable rules.
- JWT support (in this implementation the issuer is the service itself)
- Data persistence to [MonogoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- Open API Documentation


## Dependencies

#### Runtime

* [Java 8 or above](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/pt/java/javase/downloads/index.html)

#### Development

* [Java JDK 8 or above](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/pt/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)


## Structure

#### Main Dependencies

* [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) Framework integration, dependency injection, MVC
* [Spring Data](https://spring.io/projects/spring-data) Data access model
* [Spring Security](https://spring.io/projects/spring-security) Authentication/authorization
* [Undertow](http://undertow.io/) Web server
* [Mongobee](https://github.com/mongobee/mongobee) Data migrations for MongoDB
* [Springfox](https://springfox.github.io/springfox/) Provides API automated documentation based on definitions pointed by [Swagger](https://swagger.io/)

 
## Build

The project ships with a Makefile that can be used as follows:

###### Start Test DB
Start MongoDB container
```
$ make start-testdb
```

###### Stop Test DB
Stop and destroys MongoDB container
```
$ make stop-testdb
```

###### Test
Perform all tests (auto start/stop test DB)
```
$ make test
```

###### Build
Build application fat JAR
```
$ make build
```

###### Run
Provides local application instance ready to use
```
$ make run-local
```

## API Documentation

To access the API documentation run the application and go to the following URL:

[http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html)

Commit message:

Kafka integration and query adjusts

README.md, after:

# Viniland Album Sales Service

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/master.svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/tree/master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/cadu-goncalves/sales-service?branch=master)


## Description

Album Sales Service, with the following features:

- Query endpoints to recover album catalog;
- Query endpoints to recover sales;
- Sales registration, including cashback computation based on configurable rules.
- JWT support (in this implementation the issuer is the service itself)
- Data persistence to [MonogoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- Open API Documentation


## Dependencies

#### Runtime

* [Java 8 or above](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/pt/java/javase/downloads/index.html)

#### Development

* [Java JDK 8 or above](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/pt/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)


## Structure

#### Main Dependencies

* [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) Framework integration, dependency injection, MVC
* [Spring Data](https://spring.io/projects/spring-data) Data access model
* [Spring Security](https://spring.io/projects/spring-security) Authentication/authorization
* [Undertow](http://undertow.io/) Web server
* [Mongobee](https://github.com/mongobee/mongobee) Data migrations for MongoDB
* [Springfox](https://springfox.github.io/springfox/) Provides API automated documentation based on definitions pointed by [Swagger](https://swagger.io/)


## External integrations

This application uses some integrations governed by environment variables as follows:

- SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID, SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET: required to access [Spotify API](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/quick-start/) and polulate the internal albums collection.
- COVERALLS_TOKEN: required to publish code coverage report to [Coveralls](https://coveralls.io)
- DOCKER_HUB_USER, DOCKER_HUB_PASSWORD: Required for [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com) container deployment
- MONGO_SERVERS: URI for MongoDB servers, default to `localhost`
- KAFKA_SERVERS: URI for Kafka servers, default to `localhost`


## Maven profiles

This project uses the following Maven profiles (build time profiles):

- open-api: Enables the Open API documentation `enabled by default`
 
## Spring profiles

This project uses the following Spring profiles (run time profiles):

- auth: Enables endpoint authorization/authentication `disabled by default`

## Build

The project ships with a Makefile that can be used as follows:

###### Start Test DB
Start MongoDB container
```
$ make start-testdb
```

###### Stop Test DB
Stop and destroys MongoDB container
```
$ make stop-testdb
```

###### Test
Perform all tests (auto start/stop test DB)
```
$ make test
```

###### Build
Build application fat JAR
```
$ make build
```

###### Run
Provides local application instance ready to use
```
$ make run-local
```

## API Documentation

To access the API documentation run the application and go to the following URL:

[http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui.html)
